(MUSIC PLAYING)
Two weeks ago,
you were parking cars for tips,
and you want me to believe
you're now saving the world
from soul-sucking monsters?
I know, you're trying to get me back
for what I said last time,
-but I'm not gonna apologize...
-(CRACKLING)
...for speaking the truth as a friend.
In fact, I actually think
this whole bit you're doing
just further proves my point.
You guys are obviously...
(CRACKLING CONTINUES)
-What?
-WONG: Shang-Chi.
Shang-Chi.
Uh... Here. Present.
(CHAIRS SCRAPE)
My name is Wong.
Yeah. I know, sir. I'm a huge fan...
Do you have the rings?
SHANG-CHI: Uh... Yeah, yes.
Good. Let's go,
we have a lot to talk about.
You too.
WONG: While heroes like the Avengers
protect the world from physical dangers,
we sorcerers safeguard it
against more mystical threats.
That's The Book of Cagliostro.
A study of time.
Oh, my.
WONG: One of the rituals was stolen
by a former master.
Kaecilius. Just after he strung up
the former librarian
and relieved him of his head.
I am now the guardian of these books.
So if a volume from this collection
should be stolen again,
I'd know it,
and you'd be dead
before you ever left the compound.
WONG: Stop!
I was just doing exactly what it said
in the book.
What did the book say about
the dangers of performing that ritual?
I don't know.
I hadn't gotten to that part yet.
Really should put the warnings
before the spell.
We do not tamper with natural law.
We defend it.
Agamotto built three Sanctums
in places of power
where great cities now stand.
That door leads to
the Hong Kong Sanctum.
That door to the New York Sanctum.
That one to the London Sanctum.
Together,
the Sanctums generate
a protective shield around our world.
The Sanctums protect the world
and we sorcerers protect the Sanctums.
From what?
Choose your weapon wisely.
No one steps foot in this Sanctum.
No one.
(SIREN BLARING)
The Sanctum's already fallen.
-Wong.
-(GRUNTS)
Breaking the laws of nature. I know.
Well, don't stop now.
WONG: Wise choice.
You'll wear the Eye of Agamotto,
once you've mastered its powers.
Until then,
best not to walk the streets
wearing an Infinity Stone.
A what?
You might have a gift for the mystic arts,
but you still have much to learn.
At the dawn of the universe,
the Big Bang sent six elemental crystals
hurtling across the virgin universe.
These Infinity Stones each control
an essential aspect of existence.
Be thankful that your meaningless lives
are now contributing...
I'm sorry, Earth is closed today.
You better pack it up
and get outta here.
-I have him.
-Damn it.
(ROARS)
THANOS: What I'm about to do
to your annoying little planet,
I'm gonna enjoy it.
We must be ready.
DR. STRANGE: We'll be ready.
Is that everyone?
What? You wanted more?
(YELLING)
(WONG LAUGHING)
Oh, that's funny.